# Restaurants dataset

We based our experiments on a total of 1828 restaurants from Yelp.com across 4 cities. The list of restaurants' ids used in our study can be found at `paper_data/restaurants_list.txt`. For instance, for `NX8VYnWFQ2ZY-H0HwvfPTw`, the corresponding restaurant is https://www.yelp.com/biz/NX8VYnWFQ2ZY-H0HwvfPTw. For each restaurant, the top 20 reviews and top 20 popular dishes were used for our experiments.

We collected 100 single-turn questions via Prolific. The results of the SUQL system can be found at `paper_data/restaurants_single_turn_SUQL.csv`. Here is a breakdown of what the columns mean: **Unique ID** (a unique row identifier), **Utterance** (the collected user question), **Predicted SUQL** (the predicted SUQL with gpt-3.5-turbo-0613), **Agent response** (the SUQL system's response), **1st entity**, **2nd entity**, **3rd entity** (the up-to-three returned entities), **Entity Annotation**,**Whether Wrong Parse** (whether this is a wrong SUQL parse), **Prolific ID** (prolific ID associated with the submission), **Structural Unstructural annotation** (whether the question requires only structured data or a combination, used for Table 4 in the paper). The false positives from the SUQL system (based on annotation) can be found in `paper_data/restaurants_single_turn_SUQL_fp.txt`

We also collected 96 turns across 20 conversations. The collected dialog data and its annotation can be accessed [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Z_fevK1S299oBg42b5OJxSKBTwuLt6i7UyyJCV3AO7c/edit?usp=sharing). Here is a breakdown of what the columns mean:
- **Unique ID**: Unique row identifier. Each identifier is of format `id,num`, where the same `id` denotes the same conversation, and `num` denotes the turn number (0-indexed) in this conversation. We excluded turns that do not involve restaurant-related queries (e.g. chit-chatting, asking what the system can do, etc.).
- **Utterance**: the collected user question.
- **Predicted SUQL**: the predicted SUQL with gpt-3.5-turbo-0613). Green denotes a correct parse, and red denotes a wrong parse.
- **Agent response**: the SUQL system's response.
- **1st/2nd/3rd entity**: the entities returned from the SUQL system. Each green cell denotes a true positive. Each red cell denotes a false positive. Alternatively, if a row does not contain returned entities and the row indeed involves searching for restaurants, a drop-down box denoting true or false negative is present. Within each conversation, the same entity is only counted once (the same entity appearing twice would not be colored).
- **Structural Unstructural annotation**: whether the question requires only structured data or a combination, used for Table 4 in the paper.
